hey how's it going guys welcome to a
nine hundred dollar gaming pc build
actually did a couple of things
differently in this build actually
didn't go with an SSD uh this time
around since I want to see where I could
put that hundred dollars elsewhere as
some people have been commenting and
asked me to try that out so I did in
this video so if you guys like it this
way tell me and I'll out I don't think
I'll get rid of SSDs but what I think
I'm gonna start doing is putting an
option if you want to get Nessus tea or
something else all entirely you know put
the money elsewhere so yeah let's just
read this with the CPU I'm one with the
intel core i5 3570k the Ivy Bridge
quad-core cpu running at 3.4 gigahertz
on a 3.8 gigahertz turbo or uses LGA
1155 at 77 watts and it's a quad core
CPU so I like to sleep you a lot
actually I run this on my own build um
it's just really fast and very
overclockable like insanely easily
overclockable because the intel cpus
don't run as hot as the AMD cpu so if
you guys pair this up and say like a
hyper 212 that's actually my
configuration exactly so I like the
hyper 212 Vlad and with that I was able
to get my cpu up to four point two
gigahertz no problem and I runs really
cool so you guys are gonna like that cpu
cool or a lot and as for the CPU itself
very fast in games not the best in a
video editing in live stream but it's
still more than sufficient for that kind
of stuff and a free gaming you guys are
just gonna be absolutely blown away
because it really does put you know like
most of its power into those four chords
that it has unlike the AMD cpus when
it's six cores but it's kind of like
half a six-course oh yeah I think you
guys are gonna like this EP a lot if you
guys are mainly into gaming for the
motherboard I one with the asus p8z77-i
gehen from personal experience exact
same motherboard i have and i like it a
lot it has actually this feature in the
bios we're just auto overclock your cpu
and auto auto does all the frequencies
and whatnot and it's just a really
awesome motherboard at one hundred and
thirty dollars and yeah it's just really
good a lot of good features a SATA 6
usb3 UEFI bios and it's from asus and i
know a lot of people like asus so you
guys are gonna like this motherboard a
lot and yeah I oh and by the way I
didn't go with the i5 4670k I believe it
is because I just don't think the extra
forty dollars is worth it um I know some
people are like why why wouldn't you use
the after I can't even remember the name
I it's not Ivy Bridge but it's something
else um but the I didn't use the new
generation of Intel processors just
because there's not a big difference and
I'd father saved the fifty forty dollars
and get the i5 3570k all right for the
RAM and well of course their vengeance 8
gigabytes to 4 gigabytes tix running at
1600 megahertz this is about 70 bucks so
about in line with all the other Ram
prices that is available right now but i
like corsair vengeance a lot corsair and
giggle g.skill are like the two best
friend manufacturers in my opinion
Kingston's okay but I like course and
g.skill the most uh yeah this rim
actually looks awesome that's one of the
main reasons I picked it it's this blue
RAM which looks badass and it kind of
matches the motherboard so I just looks
pretty cool and it's 70 bucks so in line
with all the other prices and seems like
pretty gud ram and it's Corsair again so
you guys are gonna like this Ram a lot I
mean it's 8 gigabytes of RAM you really
can't say much more about it I just as a
word of caution please don't get 16
gigabytes in a build like this you
really don't need it because it's kind
of a waste of money a lot of
applications gaming lies don't utilize
16 gigabytes of RAM so getting it would
be pointless and yeah moving on to the
graphics card I went with the msi gtx
geforce 670 this is actually 330 dollars
and it comes with a free copy of metro
last light this is a very fast graphics
card um it's not quite as fast as like
some way to 770 but it is still very
fast and it can run games 1080p no
problem just an extremely good graphics
sorry this was like the premier graphics
card for high and builds last generation
I think the 770 is gonna become you know
the replacement to this so yeah I think
you guys are gonna like this we have to
start a lot and the price is coming down
so look around look at ebay because
people are trying to get rid of this
graphics cards for to get 7 70s and
whatnot so you guys can look around and
you can get you guys can get some damn
good deals on it right now for the case
I'm one with the cooler master half 9-12
awesome case I have it myself once again
it's about fifty dollars after a ten
dollar mail-in rebate and it's just an
awesome case a lot of good ventilation
doesn't look the coolest but again looks
on a case doesn't really matter at the
end of the day so yeah and finally a one
terabyte western digital WD blue like I
said no SSD
and I think they are one terabyte is
pretty self-explanatory so thanks for
watching this video guys remember
comment down below what you thinking by
a no SSD build a thing and yeah I will
catch you guys later peace